hello everybody oh oh wait wait wait
were is Sammy
ah here is yes I mean you have kinder
daughter and what else
Niki meanie okay that's what we get
wait wait wait one yeah kinder joy Hello
Kitty gifts at and Minnie Mouse
Clubhouse egg yeah don't gosh ah too
kind of things for girls Hello Kitty and
Nene enjoys for boys are you sure yeah
that's cool okay and what you would like
to open us a first thing this one okay
we just found this Hello Kitty stuff
today in a shop and we get to buy it
even though is for girls we just had to
take a look what is inside and and what
is it okay that's the Hello Kitty figure
and there are some plastic you can
okay so anything yeah how to open it
open it though like this it's hard to
open it and there Oh big one you want to
see kind of big and we found in surprise
egg like this with candy toy and
stickers hmm have we ever open Hello
Kitty egg like that before the gift said
no yeah no that the first time we are
always excited excited when we have
something here to open what you get
there Sammy hey put the flyer
what does some candy jelly beans that's
candy okay then and what else oh we have
a little Hello Kitty it's a mini Hello
Kitty yep isn't it cute I think so tiny
but fur nice and that's our stickers
okay the next one is kinder joy from
Ferrero kinder joy wheel is like kinder
eggs
and Wow ball it's not a ball but
something about monsters University yeah
that the parts we have and we need to
assemble it okay and here we have it
stuff like that
you surrounded our front oh yeah press
this stuff oh and we have an art only
twenty London that's something else
Hart and Randy and we have squishy are
you supposed to come yeah okay that's
nice
one more kinder joy yeah okay okay let's
open no toy oh sorry just freaking yeah
anyway that's the next act is night
sweets and surprises mini-note you pass
my surprise
what nothing
now we have there are some sweets oh yes
that's our candy that's our sticker with
me and that's the stuff we found
nice and that's what he is it for yeah
oh gosh these repairs of course okay so
we have a kind of big Hello Kitty and
small one which is nice
monsters University toy is kind of stuff
for her Oh worry Sammy he's gone again
Sammy and here you are in another egg Oh
Sammy you and your tricks what is this
kinder joy okay that's all please
subscribe leave some comments thank you
bye bye bye and see you tomorrow watch
us tomorrow yeah and hey hey you shall
make you do it debuts yes yesterday have
happy birthday yesterday was your
birthday in me you yes
bye-bye yeah I know Joe Carter and I
Sonny your guy